# CS-255
Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
The DriverPass project required that we pull the requirements for a system from an interview transcript and interpret those requirements into various UML case, activity, and sequence diagrams and identify the various requirements for such a project. DriverPass wanted a website that would facilitate driving instruction both through online courses/tests and on-the-road driving instruction.

If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I would revise some of the non-functional requirements I listed in the initial business requirements document. Some may have been to vague to be useful, if it were an actual development scenario. I could include more detail when it came to performance requirements, and more specifically the server requirements that would be needed to support a system that would be used by such a large user base.

How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
Through reading the interview transcript the client was very clear about what user needs they would like the final system to be able to facilitate. Making the system accesible to students and then ensuring that they are able to perform all of the client's needs, is therein fufilling the user's needs. The user was able to manage and view their grades, schedule and modify driving appointments, and reset their password. There are many additional features that can be implemented along with those primary ones as well. It is important to consider the user's needs when designing a system because they are the ones who will be interacting with it the most, and their impression of that interaction will ultimately determine their willingness to continue using the site or not.

How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
I like to think of designing software in a sort of logical flow. There should be one initial action that leads to all others, and eventually the final result. Through creating class, case, activity, and sequence diagrams, this thought process can be effectively modeled and translated in such a way that others can quickly and easily understand the intended purpose and layout of a piece of software. I will definitely use UML diagrams of all types in the future, especially if I have to model a large and complex process.
